well howdy there Internet people its
Bella gown so today we're going to talk
about baseball game kinda not really
we're gonna talk about seven pitches of
a baseball game that occurred in 1931 on
April 2nd there's a lot that can be
pulled from those seven pitches so
there's a seventeen-year-old
signed to this minor-league team last
name Mitchell this team is going to play
an exposition game against the New York
Yankees now Mitchell is the relief
pitcher and the first inning Mitchell
gets called in and who's coming up to
the plate
Babe Ruth followed by Lou Gehrig now for
those overseas who know nothing about
American baseball the the this is a
challenge these are huge names and first
pitch ball second pitch strike third
pitch strike and then Jackie Mitchell
struck out Babe Ruth and then she struck
out Lou Lou Gehrig she
seventeen-year-old that is a
once-in-a-lifetime thing right there
dad that is something that does not
happen to people they don't get it on
their first shot like that that is not
that's not normal most people are more
like Babe Ruth Babe Ruth is known as the
king of homeruns also the king of
strikeouts was struck out almost twice
as many times as he hit a home run fact
held the career record for most home
runs for 29 years
until Mickey Mantle another great
American baseball player took the title
so there's something to be said for that
some people well they get lucky right
out of gate as teenager they are
striking out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig in
one game that's cool
but most people get struck out a whole
lot more than they hit a home run
most people have to keep coming up to
the plate this current mess that we're
in is going to present an opportunity
for a lot of people who are at the upper
end of the low-income spectrum to come
back up to the plate the the economy
turning the way it is there is going to
be a lot of opportunity but you have to
be ready for it
luckily most people have a lot of time
on their hands right now
and yeah it's stressful and there's a
lot going on but it might be time to
figure out what you consider a home run
what you want and figure out how to get
it figure out what steps you can take
now come up with a plan because when the
economy kicks back off is the time to
make your move I've talked about it
before in other videos I have a lot of
friends who went from barely scraping by
to six figures during the last recession
right as they're coming out of it and
they all planned it during the recession
so if you have the time which most of us
do you might want to figure out what it
is that you actually want and how you
can achieve it what you're looking for
figure out the goals and then come up
with a concrete plan most of these guys
that I know they started off real small
because they didn't have a lot and it
grew because their competition had
overextended their customers were
unhappy so there was a there was that
magical moment when they could make
their move somebody is gonna do it I
would prefer it be the people who watch
this channel because I would prefer
people with the mindset of those who
typically watch this channel to become
the people with with some means so I
know that's vague it's not concrete but
I don't know everybody I don't know what
your version of a home run is but you do
you've got a good idea what you want and
you got a good idea what you're good at
as we come out of this is the time to
make your move anyway it's just a far
y'all have a good night